refactor(quarto-authoring): make skill language-agnostic, add engines and jupyter refs (#51)
posit-dev/skills: quarto/quarto-authoring/SKILL.md

---
name: quarto-authoring

> description: Use when working with Quarto (.qmd) documents, code cells, cross-references, callouts, citations, YAML frontmatter, Mermaid diagrams, or Quarto extensions. Also use when migrating R Markdown (.Rmd), bookdown, blogdown, xaringan, distill, or Jupyter notebooks (.ipynb) to Quarto, or creating Quarto websites, books, presentations, or reports.

Reviewer: This is great! I took another pass, which adds tokens but I think reduces the likelihood of the skill jumping into conversations where R Markdown and related formats are mentioned (we've seen this happen in practice with similar instructions).

```suggestion
description: Use when the user is explicitly working with Quarto, .qmd files, _quarto.yml, Quarto projects, or Quarto features such as callouts, cross-references, citations, Mermaid diagrams, extensions, websites, books, presentations, and reports. Also use for explicit migration from or comparison with R Markdown, bookdown, blogdown, xaringan, distill, or Jupyter notebooks to Quarto. Do not use for general R Markdown or related-format questions unless Quarto or migration to Quarto is explicitly mentioned.
```

Reviewer: I'm going to apply and merge this, feel free to follow up with edits later if you want. Thanks again for this update, it's a great change to the skill!

---
name: quarto-authoring
description: >
  Writing and authoring Quarto documents (.qmd) with the knitr, jupyter, and
  julia engines (and any Quarto 1.9+ engine extensions). Covers code cell
  options, figure and table captions, cross-references, callout blocks
  (notes, warnings, tips), citations and bibliography, page layout and
  columns, Mermaid diagrams, YAML metadata configuration, and Quarto
  extensions. Also covers converting and migrating R Markdown (.Rmd),
  bookdown, blogdown, xaringan, distill projects, and Jupyter notebooks
  (.ipynb) to Quarto, and creating Quarto websites, books, presentations,

>   and reports.

Reviewer: I've learned that many coding agent interfaces parse the YAML badly and it's better to have this all on one line.

```suggestion
description: Writing and authoring Quarto documents (.qmd) with the knitr, jupyter, and julia engines (and any Quarto 1.9+ engine extensions). Covers code cell options, figure and table captions, cross-references, callout blocks (notes, warnings, tips), citations and bibliography, page layout and columns, Mermaid diagrams, YAML metadata configuration, and Quarto extensions. Also covers converting and migrating R Markdown (.Rmd), bookdown, blogdown, xaringan, distill projects, and Jupyter notebooks (.ipynb) to Quarto, and creating Quarto websites, books, presentations, and reports.
```

>   and reports.

Reviewer: Also, this description currently reads like a literal description of the skill, but I think it's worth spending a small amount of time to rewrite it carefully so that it's a little more concise (it's at about ~130 tokens; the target is <= 100) and also better oriented toward instructing the model when to invoke the skill.

Reviewer: Btw, if you wanted to do this in another PR that would be fine :)

Author: I'll update this one in few hours.
(Trigger is important)

Author: Description now focuses on trigger rather than describing the skill
https://github.com/posit-dev/skills/pull/51/commits/925308ee66255c9df481b3d0353d261cd1c6fa19
